{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 # Title of Dataset: Comparison of bacterial suppression by phage cocktails, dual-receptor generalists, and coevolutionarily trained phages\
---\
\
The dataset contains all of the relevant data collected for the project. For experiment context, see the associated manuscript (same title). In the manuscript, we clearly describe which data is related to which experiment/figure. Our data repository is organized in the same fashion (datasets and R script grouped into subfolders by figure).\
\
## Description of the Data and file structure\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
The data related for this project are organized into subfolders for each figure in the manuscript. Moreover, the R code used to analyze the data and generate each figure are located within the same subfolder. All that needs to be done is to set the working directory to the same location as the script (and data) and the code should run and generate figures. As an example, I have left the figures from the manuscript in the same subfolders as the data and code.\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Data, scripts, and the figures they are used to generate are all colocated in respectively named subfolders in the repository.\
\
## Sharing/access Information\
\
NA\
\
Was data derived from another source? No\
If yes, list source(s):\
}